docs/resources/iam_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-aws_iam_policy Resource - st-aws"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a RAM Policy resource that manages policy content exceeding character limits by splitting it into smaller segments. These segments are combined to form a complete policy attached to the user. However, the policy like ReadOnlyAccess that exceed the maximum length of a policy, they will be attached directly to the user.
---

# st-aws_iam_policy (Resource)

Provides a RAM Policy resource that manages policy content exceeding character limits by splitting it into smaller segments. These segments are combined to form a complete policy attached to the user. However, the policy like `ReadOnlyAccess` that exceed the maximum length of a policy, they will be attached directly to the user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-aws_iam_policy" "iam_policy" {
  attached_policies = ["PowerUserAccess", "AWSSupportAccess", "AWSLambdaRole", "AmazonSNSRole"]
  user_name         = "devopsuser01"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attached_policies` (List of String) The RAM policies to attach to the user.
- `user_name` (String) The name of the RAM user that attached to the policy.

### Read-Only

- `policies` (Attributes List) A list of policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `policy_document` (String) The policy document of the RAM policy.
- `policy_name` (String) The policy name.

Commit message:

Implemented Policy Drift Detection with Improved Error Handling update to single quotes in .yml

docs/resources/iam_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-aws_iam_policy Resource - st-aws"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a RAM Policy resource that manages policy content exceeding character limits by splitting it into smaller segments. These segments are combined to form a complete policy attached to the user. However, the policy like ReadOnlyAccess that exceed the maximum length of a policy, they will be attached directly to the user.
---

# st-aws_iam_policy (Resource)

Provides a RAM Policy resource that manages policy content exceeding character limits by splitting it into smaller segments. These segments are combined to form a complete policy attached to the user. However, the policy like `ReadOnlyAccess` that exceed the maximum length of a policy, they will be attached directly to the user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-aws_iam_policy" "iam_policy" {
  user_name         = "devopsuser01"
  attached_policies = ["IAMFullAccess", "PowerUserAccess", "AWSSupportAccess", ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attached_policies` (List of String) The RAM policies to attach to the user.
- `user_name` (String) The name of the RAM user that attached to the policy.

### Read-Only

- `attached_policies_detail` (Attributes List) A list of policies. Used to compare whether policy has been changed outside of Terraform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_policies_detail))
- `combined_policies_detail` (Attributes List) A list of combined policies that are attached to users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--combined_policies_detail))
- `policies` (Attributes List) [Deprecated] A list of policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--attached_policies_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_policies_detail`

Read-Only:

- `policy_document` (String) The policy document of the RAM policy.
- `policy_name` (String) The policy name.


<a id="nestedatt--combined_policies_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `combined_policies_detail`

Read-Only:

- `policy_document` (String) The policy document of the RAM policy.
- `policy_name` (String) The policy name.


<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `policy_document` (String) The policy document of the RAM policy.
- `policy_name` (String) The policy name.
